# Task 1

Having learnt a massive chunk of C++ now I want you to try and right some code for yourself. Your section is to create a triple struct, ie. like a 3D point but semantically more general. You must demonstrate and run all of the properties of the struct. The program should be called `triple.cxx`.

## Requirements

- Must have three members of the same type (either `int`, `float` or `double`)
- A way to add two points
- A way to subtract two points
- A way to multiply a point by a scalar (of the same underlying type)
- A way to divide a point by a scalar (of the same underlying type)
- A way to be print a formatted output using `std::cout`

### Bonus

- A way to be created using input from `std::cin`
- Create a 'triple' structure for the other underlying types.

## Submitting

You can use Godbolt or CMake build and test your struct. Once you have created your implementation:

- Clone this repo using `git clone https://github.com/MonashDeepNeuron/HPP.git`.
- Create a new branch using `git checkout -b triple/<your-name>`.
- Create a folder in the `/submissions` directory with your name.
- Create a folder with the name of this task.
- Copy your mini project into this directory (cmake scripts etc.) with a `README.md` or comment in the code on how to run the program (verify it still works). There is a sample header file in `/templates` that you can use.
- Go to <https://github.com/MonashDeepNeuron/HPP/pulls> and click 'New pull request'.
- Change the branches in the drop down so that your branch is going into `main` and `Create new pull request.
- Give the pull request a title and briefly describe what you were able to implement and any struggles you had.
- On the right side-panel, under the 'Assignees' section, click the cog and assign me.
- Click 'Create pull request' and I'll take it from there.

> Note: If you created a GodBolt instance, put the link in a comment at the top of the file (under your copy comments). This is generated by clicking the `share` button in the top-right-most corner of the webpage and clicking the 'short link' option.
