# Task 3 : Circular Buffer

This assignment is a tricker one. Your job is to implement a [circular buffer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circular_buffer) or a ring buffer. Circular buffers are First-In-First-Out buffers

## Requirements

- Must be a `class` (or `struct`).
- Must have these constructors
  - Default
  - Copy
  - Move
  - Assignment Copy
  - Assignment Move
  - A destructor
- Must be templated for any element type `T`.
- Can either be dynamic in size (adds memory as it needs) or semi-static (fixed maximum but variable current size)
- Methods for pushing in a new element to the front and popping the oldest from the back.
- Introspection methods
  - Current size
  - Current capacity
  - One that returns a pointer to the first element
  - A method to check if the buffer is full
  - A method to check if the buffer is empty
- Element access
  - _at-like_ method with index checking
  - subscript operator overload (`[]`)

You can manually create and destroy the memory, use smart pointers or use a container to store the underlying memory.

### Optional

- Have a custom iterator type with the relevant methods in the circular buffer for obtaining them.
- front and and back element access.
- Equality (`==`) and inequality (`!=`) operator overloads.
- Output stream operator overload (`>>`).
- Constructor and assignment operator overload (`=`) that take an `std::initializer_list`.
- Uses an allocator (eg. `std::allocator`) to allocate memory.
- Takes an additional template argument that correlates to a generic allocator type.
- Takes an additional template parameter that correlates to the type of the underlying container used to for storage of elements (eg. `std::vector`) making the circular buffer an adaptor.

## Submitting

You can use Godbolt or CMake to build and test your struct. Once you have created your implementation:

- Clone this repo using `git clone https://github.com/MonashDeepNeuron/HPP.git`.
- Create a new branch using `git checkout -b triple/<your-name>`.
- Create a folder in the `/submissions` directory with your name.
- Create a folder with the name of this task.
- Copy your mini project into this directory (cmake scripts etc.) with a `README.md` or comment in the code on how to run the program (verify it still works). There is a sample header file in `/templates` that you can use.
- Go to <https://github.com/MonashDeepNeuron/HPP/pulls> and click 'New pull request'.
- Change the branches in the drop down so that your branch is going into `main` and `Create new pull request.
- Give the pull request a title and briefly describe what you were able to implement and any struggles you had.
- On the right side-panel, under the 'Assignees' section, click the cog and assign me.
- Click 'Create pull request' and I'll take it from there.

> Note: If you created a GodBolt instance, put the link in a comment at the top of the file (under your copy comments). This is generated by clicking the `share` button in the top-right-most corner of the webpage and clicking the 'short link' option.
