# Task 2 : Templated Triple

Having learnt about classes, templates and concepts I want you to reimplement your `Triple` class so that it behaves more like a standard type and has a more sophisticated implementation and interface. Similar to Assignment 1, you will submit using a pull request on GitHub to this repo.

## Requirements

- Must be templated for a single type `T`
- A way to add two points of different `T`
- A way to subtract two points of different `T`
- A way to multiply a point by a scalar of different `T`
- A way to divide a point by a scalar of different `T`
- A way to be print a formatted output using `std::cout`
- Using concepts ensure that `T` satisfies only:
  - `std::integral`
- or
  - `std::floating_point`
- or
  - `T` and `U` support
    - `T + U`
    - `T - U`
    - `U * T`
    - `T / U`
  - and doesn't support
    - `is_pointer`
    - `is_reference`
    - `is_enum` etc.
- and
  - `T` supports `<<` to an `std::ostream`

> Note: Let me know if the concept requirements are confusing

### Bonus

- A way to be created using input from `std::cin`
- Allow three different type parameter; say `T`, `U` and `V` for the member variables while still maintaining the base requirements [hard]

### Submitting

You can use Godbolt or CMake to build and test your struct. Once you have created your implementation:

- Clone this repo using `git clone https://github.com/MonashDeepNeuron/HPP.git`.
- Create a new branch using `git checkout -b triple/<your-name>`.
- Create a folder in the `/submissions` directory with your name.
- Create a folder with the name of this task.
- Copy your mini project into this directory (cmake scripts etc.) with a `README.md` or comment in the code on how to run the program (verify it still works). There is a sample header file in `/templates` that you can use.
- Go to <https://github.com/MonashDeepNeuron/HPP/pulls> and click 'New pull request'.
- Change the branches in the drop down so that your branch is going into `main` and `Create new pull request.
- Give the pull request a title and briefly describe what you were able to implement and any struggles you had.
- On the right side-panel, under the 'Assignees' section, click the cog and assign me.
- Click 'Create pull request' and I'll take it from there.

> Note: If you created a GodBolt instance, put the link in a comment at the top of the file (under your copy comments). This is generated by clicking the `share` button in the top-right-most corner of the webpage and clicking the 'short link' option.
